Which British artist was born Farrokh Bulsara?
Freddie Mercury
Eric Clapton
Sting
Boy George
1
More info: Farrokh Bulsara, known professionally as Freddie Mercury, was a British singer, songwriter and record producer, best known as the lead vocalist of the rock band Queen.
singer
What is the opening line to Bod Dylan’s hit song ‘Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door’?
Talk to me softly, there’s something in your eyes
Knock, knock, knocking on heavens door,
Mama, put my guns in the ground
Mama, take this badge off of me
4
More info: “Knockin’ on Heaven’s Door” is a song written for the soundtrack of the 1973 film “Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid”
knock
Can you complete the famous lyrics by Sting, ’I’m an alien I’m a legal alien, ...’?
I’m a Jamaican in New York
I’m an Englishman in New York
Jas sum Skopjanec v Bitola
I’m a Venezuelan In New York
2
More info:Englishman in New York” is a song by English artist Sting, from his second studio album “…Nothing Like the Sun”, released in October 1987.
sting
By what name is Richard Starkey, member for the Beatles, better known?
Paul McCartney
John Lennon
George Harrison
Ringo Starr
4
More info: The “Ringo” nickname came about because of the rings that he wore on his fingers. As for “Starr,” that came about as a shortened version of his last name. Also, Starr had begun billing his drum solos as “Starr Time,” and the name stuck.
beatles
Which founding member became the lead singer of Pink Floyd?
David Gilmour
Richard Wright
Roger Waters
Syd Barrett
4
More info: Barrett was the lead singer, guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band. He was ousted from Pink Floyd in April 1968 after David Gilmour took over as their new guitarist
floyd
Who is lead singer of the rock band Aerosmith?
George Michael
David Coverdale
Steven Tyler
Mark Knopfler
3
More info: He is known as the "Demon of Screamin” due to his high screams and his wide vocal range. He is also known for his on-stage acrobatics.
steven
Which male singer was born Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou?
George Harrison
George Michael
George Benson
George Ezra
2
More info: His father, Kyriacos Panayiotou (nicknamed "Jack"), was a Greek Cypriot restaurateur who emigrated to England in the 1950s. His mother, Lesley Angold (née Harrison), was an English dancer.
georgeMichael
Which country won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1992, 1993 and 1994?
Ireland
Luxembourg
France
Sweden
1
More info: Ireland holds the record for the greatest number of victories: seven wins including three consecutive wins.
euro
Which 1981 Duran Duran music video was banned by the BBC?
Rio
Hungry Like The Wolf
Girls On Film
The Wild Boys
3
More info: The band expected the "Girls on Film" video to be played exclusively at nightclubs that had video screens. The raunchy video created an uproar, and it was consequently banned by the BBC and heavily edited for its original run on MTV
band
Which Irish rock band released a song in 1976 called ‘The Boys Are Back In Town’?
The Cranberries
The Pogues
U2
Thin Lizzy
4
More information: The song is played at most Irish Rugby matches, and has appeared in numerous commercials, television shows, feature films and television shows.
lizzy
